Chore/es ansible setup (#380)
mediacloud/story-indexer: conf/ansible/README.md

  * `tasks/load-envs.yml` - Load all env variables

##### Configuration Parameters

The playbook uses these key variables:

| Variable               | Description                                                                 | Location                  |
|------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|
| `es_version`          | Version of Elasticsearch to install                                        | inventory/group_vars      |
| `es_cluster_name`     | Name for the Elasticsearch cluster                                         | inventory/group_vars      |
| `es_heap_size`        | JVM heap size allocation                                                   | role defaults             |
| `es_api_port`         | Elasticsearch API port                                                     | role defaults             |
| `es_discovery_seeds`  | List of seed nodes for cluster discovery                                   | inventory/group_vars      |

##### System Requirements

- Debian/Ubuntu Linux (verified with Ubuntu 20.04/22.04)
- Minimum 4GB RAM (32GB max recommended for production)

> - Java runtime (we're using bundled OpenJDK)

Author: https://github.com/mediacloud/story-indexer/blob/d00e71b56c0d69d56d486fe3609dd2b6a7c679f5/conf/ansible/roles/elasticsearch/defaults/main.yml#L24

> - Java runtime (we're using bundled OpenJDK)

Reviewer: Then I assumed that's not "bundled" in Elasticsearch sense i.e not included with Elasticsearch but installed separately, no?

##### Scripts

Scripts to run playbooks

Test environment variables:
```sh
scripts/es-test-source-vars.sh -e local
```

Install Elasticsearch Docker compose staging:
```sh
scripts/es-install-docker -e staging
```

Install Elasticsearch Ubuntu/Debian:
```sh
scripts/es-install -e production
```

### roles/elasticsearch

Contains custom Elasticsearch role used in the installation

> PS: This is a cherry pocked from the abandoned `ansible-elasticsearch` rol, tailored for current use case

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PS: This is cherry picked from the abandoned `ansible-elasticsearch` role, tailored for current use case
```
